#Ume, Åsele, Piteå Lappmarks

owner = NOR
controller = NOR
add_core NOR
is_city = yes
trade_goods = fur
capital = "Arvidsjaur"
culture = sapmi
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
trade_goods = unknown
base_manpower = 1
native_hostileness = 1
native_size = 3
native_ferocity = 2
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan

