# 182 Valois - Principal cities: Compiègne + Soissons

owner = BUR
controller = BUR
add_core = FRA
capital = "Soissons"
is_city = yes
culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 5 
base_production = 5
trade_goods = livestock
base_manpower = 4
#fort_15th = yes
add_core = CHP
add_core = PIC
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan