# 193 Franche-Comté - Principal cities: Besançon

owner = SWI #Might actually be Luxembourg's
controller = SWI
capital = "Besançon"
is_city = yes
culture = burgundian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 4
trade_goods = salt
base_manpower = 3
add_core = SWI
fort_15th = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
