#273 - Latgalia / Inflanty Duchy

owner = LIT
controller = LIT
add_core = LIT
add_core = LVA
culture = latvian
religion = catholic
capital = "Dünaburg"
fort_15th = yes #Dünaburg
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan