#284 - Crimea

owner = BYZ
controller = BYZ
add_core = BYZ
add_core = FEO # Owned by Theodoro, a dominion of Byzantium
culture = crimean
religion = sunni
hre = no
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
trade_goods = salt
base_manpower = 6
capital = "Qirq-Yer"
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes #Qirq-Yer Fortress
add_core = CRI

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
