#295 - Moskva

owner = GFI
controller = GFI #WHY 
add_core = GFI
culture = russian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
trade_goods = iron 
base_manpower = 5
capital = "Moskva"
is_city = yes
add_core = MOS #I'm keeping this core because I'm assuming that the nation named after this province was claiming it
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
fort_15th = yes
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2
