#305 - Perm

owner = MOS
controller = MOS
culture = uralic
religion = tengri_pagan_reformed #Sami Shamanism
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
trade_goods = copper
base_manpower = 3
capital = "Yagoshiha"
is_city = yes
add_core = MOS
add_core = PRM

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
