# 310 - Novgorod

owner = LIT
controller = LIT
add_core = LIT
culture = novgorodian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 7
base_production = 7
trade_goods = fur
base_manpower = 6
capital = "Novgorod"
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes #Novgorod Kremlin
add_core = NOV
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2
