#360 - Qus & Qena

owner = SUD
controller = SUD
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Qus"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = SUD
add_local_autonomy = 50 #Under local Tribes controlled by the Mamluks.
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
