#385 - Mecca

owner = SRB
controller = SRB
add_core = SRB
culture = hejazi_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Makkah"
trade_goods = incense
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = HED
extra_cost = 10
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan

add_province_triggered_modifier = religious_center
add_province_triggered_modifier = christian_mecca
