#416 - Azerbaijan

owner = GAR
controller = GAR
add_core = GAR
add_core = GEO # Owned by Georgia, dominion of G. Armenia. Represented as part of Armenia for simplicity
culture = azerbaijani
religion = shiite
capital = "Tabriz"
trade_goods = silk
hre = no
base_tax = 7
base_production = 7
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = QAR
add_core = TBR
fort_15th = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2
