#447 - Kandahar

owner = BAC
controller = BAC
add_core = BAC
culture = afghani
religion = sunni
capital = "Kandahar"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = TIM
add_core = AFG
add_core = KHO
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
fort_15th = yes #Zorr Shaar - Qandahar is often described as the strongest fortress in Western Asia
