#480 - Kulunda

owner = RFE
controller = RFE
add_core = RFE
is_city = yes
trade_goods = wool
culture = kirgiz
religion = tengri_pagan_reformed
capital = "Pegaya Orda"
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 2
native_hostileness = 3
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
