#491 - Curacao

culture = arawak
religion = animism
capital = "Curacao"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 6
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1
