# NB: If changing the ID for this province, code (CPowerSpending::OnExecute) also has to change for achievement_tear_down_this_wall to work.
#50 - Brandenburg

owner = HLR
controller = HLR
add_core = HLR
add_core = BRA
culture = saxon
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
trade_goods = cloth
base_manpower = 4
fort_15th = yes
capital = "Berlin-Cölln"
is_city = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1
