#540 - Coromandel 

owner = IND
controller = IND
culture = tamil
religion = hinduism
capital = "Kuddaluru"
trade_goods = cloth
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_vaisyas_or_burghers_effect = yes
add_core = IND
add_core = MAD
add_core = GNG

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2
