#542 - Golconda

owner = IND
controller = IND
add_core = IND
culture = telegu
religion = hinduism
capital = "Golconda"
trade_goods = gems #Diamonds
#trade_goods = silk
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = GOC
add_core = TLG
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = diamond_mines_of_golconda_modifier
	duration = -1
}
