#546 - East Berar / Nagpur

owner = IND
controller = IND
culture = gondi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Wairagarh"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = BRR
add_core = IND
add_brahmins_or_church_effect = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
