#568 - Chittagong

owner = MYA
controller = MYA
add_core = MYA
culture = bengali
religion = hinduism #A good case could be made that this province was atleast 50% buddhist
capital = "Chittagong"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = BNG
add_core = ARK
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 24
center_of_trade = 3
