#603 - Nakhon Thung Yai

owner = SIA
controller = SIA
add_core = SIA
culture = central_thai
religion = buddhism
capital = "Nakhon Thung Yai"
trade_goods = gems #Rubies etc
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = AYU
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
