#613 - Dong Kinh

owner = DAI
controller = DAI
culture = vietnamese
religion = mahayana
capital = "Dong Kinh"
trade_goods = chinaware
hre = no
base_tax = 7
base_production = 7
base_manpower = 4
fort_15th = yes
is_city = yes
add_core = DAI
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
