#621 - Bengkulu

latent_trade_goods = {
	coal
}

owner = MLA
controller = MLA
add_core = MLA
culture = sumatran
religion = sunni
capital = "Bengkulu"
trade_goods = spices # Is set to be spices if you load up late enough in vanilla
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
native_size = 20
native_ferocity = 7
native_hostileness = 5
is_city = yes
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
