#641 - Makassar

owner = KLA
controller = KLA
add_core = KLA
culture = sulawesi
religion = animism
capital = "Makassar"
trade_goods = spices
hre = no
base_tax = 8 
base_production = 8
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
add_core = MKS
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = anatolian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = west_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomadic
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2
